{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
BERMEJO, M. J. & PEREZ, I. R. 2005. Physicians and the prescription of hormone replacement therapy in Spain. Health Policy, 73, 58-65.\
BILGRAMI, I., BLOWER, K., FENG, J., STEFANKO, G. & TAN, E. 2004. Changes in the use of hormone replacement therapy in New Zealand following the publication of the Women\'92s Health Initiative trial. Journal of the New Zealand Medical Association, 117.\
BOUCHARDY, C., MORABIA, A., VERKOOIJEN, H. M., FIORETTA, G., WESPI, Y. & SCH\'c4FER, P. 2006. Remarkable change in age-specific breast cancer incidence in the Swiss canton of Geneva and its possible relation with the use of hormone replacement therapy. BMC cancer, 6, 78.\
BROMLEY, S. E., DE VRIES, C. S. & FARMER, R. D. 2004. Utilisation of hormone replacement therapy in the United Kingdom. A descriptive study using the general practice research database. BJOG, 111, 369-76.\
CROCETTI, E., BUZZONI, C., FALCINI, F., CORTESI, L., DE LISI, V., FERRETTI, S., TUMINO, R., RUSSO, A. & PACI, E. 2010. Disentangling the roles of mammographic screening and HRT in recent breast cancer incidence trends in Italy by analyses based on calendar time and time since screening activation. The breast journal, 16, 350-355.\
DE, P., NEUTEL, C. I., OLIVOTTO, I. & MORRISON, H. 2010. Breast cancer incidence and hormone replacement therapy in Canada. Journal of the National Cancer Institute, 102, 1489-1495.\
HERSH, A. L., STEFANICK, M. L. & STAFFORD, R. S. 2004. National use of postmenopausal hormone therapy: annual trends and response to recent evidence. JAMA, 291, 47-53.\
HOLM, E., AALTONEN, K., HEIKKINEN, A.-M. & TIIHONEN, M. 2014. From systemic hormone therapy to vaginal estrogen\'96a nationwide register study in Finland, 2003\'962012. Maturitas.\
KIRKBY, R. & SAIF, A. 2004. Screening, supplements and the use of hormonal replacement therapy in postmenopausal women in a family medicine department prior to the publication of the Woman's Health Initiative report. Annals of Saudi medicine, 24, 175-178.\
LAMBE, M., WIGERTZ, A., HOLMQVIST, M., ADOLFSSON, J., BARDAGE, C., FORNANDER, T., KARLSSON, P., ODLIND, V., PERSSON, I. & AHLGREN, J. 2010. Reductions in use of hormone replacement therapy: effects on Swedish breast cancer incidence trends only seen after several years. Breast cancer research and treatment, 121, 679-683.\
LINOS, E., SPANOS, D., ROSNER, B. A., LINOS, K., HESKETH, T., QU, J. D., GAO, Y.-T., ZHENG, W. & COLDITZ, G. A. 2008. Effects of reproductive and demographic changes on breast cancer incidence in China: a modeling analysis. Journal of the National Cancer Institute, 100, 1352-1360.\
LUCAS, R. & BARROS, H. 2008. Life prevalence of hormone replacement therapy and profile of users have not changed among women with self-reported menopause in the last two decades in Porto, Portugal. Climacteric, 11, 26-31.\
MACLENNAN, A. H., TAYLOR, A. W. & WILSON, D. 2004. Hormone therapy use after the women's health initiative. Climacteric, 7, 138-142.\
MAIN, P. & ROBINSON, M. 2008. Changes in utilisation of hormone replacement therapy in Australia following publication of the findings of the Women's Health Initiative. Pharmacoepidemiology and drug safety, 17, 861-868.\
MANZOLI, L., DI GIOVANNI, P., DEL DUCA, L., DE ALOYSIO, D., FESTI, D., CAPODICASA, S., MONASTRA, G., ROMANO, F. & STANISCIA, T. 2004. Use of hormone replacement therapy in Italian women aged 50-70 years. Maturitas, 49, 241-51.\
MEYER, H. E., LOFTHUS, C. M., SOGAARD, A. J. & FALCH, J. A. 2009. Change in the use of hormone replacement therapy and the incidence of fracture in Oslo. Osteoporos Int, 20, 827-30.\
NAGATA, C., MATSUSHITA, Y. & SHIMIZU, H. 1996. Prevalence of hormone replacement therapy and user's characteristics: a community survey in Japan. Maturitas, 25, 201-207.\
NEUTEL, C. I. & MORRISON, H. 2010. Could recent decreases in breast cancer incidence really be due to lower HRT use? Trends in attributable risk for modifiable breast cancer risk factors in Canadian women. Can J Public Health, 101, 405-9.\
NORTH, F. & SHARPLES, K. 2001. Changes in the use of hormone replacement therapy in New Zealand from 1991-1997. The New Zealand medical journal, 114, 250-253.\
PARKIN, D. M. 2009. Is the recent fall in incidence of post-menopausal breast cancer in UK related to changes in use of hormone replacement therapy? European Journal of Cancer, 45, 1649-53.\
POLL\'c1N, M., MICHELENA, M., ARDANAZ, E., IZQUIERDO, A., S\'c1NCHEZ-P\'c9REZ, M. & TORRELLA, A. 2010. Breast cancer incidence in Spain before, during and after the implementation of screening programmes. Annals of oncology: official journal of the European Society for Medical Oncology/ESMO, 21, iii97-102.\
RACHON, D., ZDROJEWSKI, T., SUCHECKA-RACHON, K., SZPAKOWSKI, P., BANDOSZ, P., MANIKOWSKI, A. & WYRZYKOWSKI, B. 2004. Knowledge and use of hormone replacement therapy among Polish women: estimates from a nationally representative study--HORTPOL 2002. Maturitas, 47, 31-7.\
SERADOUR, B., ALLEMAND, H., WEILL, A. & RICORDEAU, P. 2009. Changes by age in breast cancer incidence, mammography screening and hormone therapy use in France from 2000 to 2006. Bull Cancer, 96, E1-6.\
SILVERMAN, B. G. & KOKIA, E. S. 2009. Use of hormone replacement therapy, 1998-2007: sustained impact of the Women's Health Initiative findings. Annals of Pharmacotherapy, 43, 251-8.\
SOERJOMATARAM, I., COEBERGH, J. W., LOUWMAN, M. W., VISSER, O. & VAN LEEUWEN, F. E. 2007. Does the decrease in hormone replacement therapy also affect breast cancer risk in the Netherlands? Journal of Clinical Oncology, 25, 5038-5039.\
SVEINSD\'d3TTIR, H. & OLAFSSON, R. F. 2006. Women's attitudes to hormone replacement therapy in the aftermath of the Women's Health Initiative study. Journal of advanced nursing, 54, 572-584.\
VAN DUIJNHOVEN, F. J., VAN GILS, C. H., BEZEMER, I. D., PEETERS, P. H., VAN DER SCHOUW, Y. T. & GROBBEE, D. E. 2006. Use of hormones in the menopausal transition period in the Netherlands between 1993 and 1997. Maturitas, 53, 462-475.\
VERKOOIJEN, H. M., KOOT, V., FIORETTA, G., VAN DER HEIDEN, M., SCHIPPER, M., RAPITI, E., PEETERS, P., PETERSE, J. & BOUCHARDY, C. 2008. Hormone replacement therapy, mammography screening and changing age-specific incidence rates of breast cancer: an ecological study comparing two European populations. Breast cancer research and treatment, 107, 389-395.\
VON EULER-CHELPIN, M. 2011. Breast cancer incidence and use of hormone therapy in Denmark 1978\'962007. Cancer Causes & Control, 22, 181-187.\
ZBUK, K. & ANAND, S. S. 2012. Declining incidence of breast cancer after decreased use of hormone-replacement therapy: magnitude and time lags in different countries. Journal of epidemiology and community health, 66, 1-7.}